README.md, before:


    # 111111

    ## Description
    2222222222

    ## Table of Contents (Optional)

    If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.
    
    - [Description](#description)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Credits](#credits)
    - [License](#license)
    - [Tests](#tests)
    - [Questions](#questions)

    ## Installation

    undefined

    ## Usage

    4444444444

    ## Credits

    55555555555

    ## License

    6666666

    ## Badges

    ![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lernantino/badmath)

    Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

    ## Tests

    777777777777
    
    ## Questions

    For any additional questions, reach me at martinapopot@gmail.com or https://github.com/Mardyyy.

Commit message:

Added majority of index.js code that writes the README file

README.md, after:

    # Martin-09-Node-README-Generator

    ## Description
    This project is made as a node generator that makes a professional README file. This acts a a quick and easy way to make a proper README file for other projects you want to apply this too. This project allowed me to apply what I've learned about Node.js this past week.

    ## Table of Contents 

    - [Description](#description)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Credits](#credits)
    - [License](#license)
    - [Tests](#tests)
    - [Questions](#questions)

    ## Installation

    To run the project, you must first install "inquirer. This can be done by entering "npm i inquirer@8.2.4" into GitBash in the project file. Then the application will be invoked by using the command "node index.js".

    ## Usage

    <img src="/assets/images/node-index-screenshot.PNG" alt="Screen Shot of node index"/>

    ## Credits

    Starter Code:
    <a href="https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/potential-enigma"> Link to  Martin-Third-Party-APIs-Challenge-5"</a>

    ## License

    None

    ## Badges

    
    ## Questions

    For any additional questions, reach me at martinapopot@gmail.com or https://github.com/mardyyy.
